📖  Add troubleshooting advice when running Quick Start with CAPD (#6960)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/user/troubleshooting.md

```shell
NAME                                                           READY  SEVERITY  REASON                       SINCE  MESSAGE
Cluster/capi-quickstart                                        True                                          46m
├─ClusterInfrastructure - DockerCluster/capi-quickstart-94r9d  True                                          48m
├─ControlPlane - KubeadmControlPlane/capi-quickstart-6487w     True                                          46m
│ └─3 Machines...                                              True                                          47m    See capi-quickstart-6487w-d5lkp, capi-quickstart-6487w-mpmkq, ...
└─Workers
  └─MachineDeployment/capi-quickstart-md-0-d6dn6               False  Warning   WaitingForAvailableMachines  48m    Minimum availability requires 3 replicas, current 0 available
    └─3 Machines...                                            True                                          47m    See capi-quickstart-md-0-d6dn6-584ff97cb7-kr7bj, capi-quickstart-md-0-d6dn6-584ff97cb7-s6cbf, ...
```

> Machines should be started, but Workers are not ready due to Calico isn't installed yet. You should be able to see the containers running with `docker ps --all` and they should not be restarting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Machines should be started, but Workers are not because Calico isn't installed yet. You should be able to see the containers running with `docker ps --all` and they should not be restarting.
```

├─ClusterInfrastructure - DockerCluster/capi-quickstart-n5w87  True                                          110s
├─ControlPlane - KubeadmControlPlane/capi-quickstart-6587k     False  Warning   ScalingUp                    57s    Scaling up control plane to 3 replicas (actual 2)
│ ├─Machine/capi-quickstart-6587k-fgc6m                        True                                          81s
│ └─Machine/capi-quickstart-6587k-xtvnz                        False  Warning   BootstrapFailed              52s    1 of 2 completed
└─Workers
  └─MachineDeployment/capi-quickstart-md-0-5whtj               False  Warning   WaitingForAvailableMachines  110s   Minimum availability requires 3 replicas, current 0 available
    └─3 Machines...                                            False  Info      Bootstrapping                77s    See capi-quickstart-md-0-5whtj-5d8c9746c9-f8sw8, capi-quickstart-md-0-5whtj-5d8c9746c9-hzxc2, ...
```

In the example above we can see that the Machine `capi-quickstart-6587k-xtvnz` has failed to start. The reason provided is `BootstrapFailed`. 

> To investigate why a machine fails to start you can inspect the logs using `docker logs <MACHINE-NAME>`. For example:

Author: Great addition! Thank you. It's been added
